---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

This was the first week of class, so I went to class. I've never had a class with Downing before, and I was a bit nervous--especially after reading through the syllabus. 21 hours of programming is a lot, and the list of tools that he expects us to learn to use is nothing short of insane. However, his teaching style is very straightforward, and I feel like I'm going to learn a lot in this class. I like that he calls on everyone in the class, using a randomized person generator. (Name generator, I suppose. He's not actually generating people.) I'm one of those people who, depending on the class, have a tendency to either not say a single word during class the entire semester, or answer/ask half of the questions for the entire class. His method is much more fair, though it does make me squirm when I know an answer and he calls on someone else who obviously doesn't want to be called on at that point in time. I can see how this would make a lot of people nervous, being called on randomly, but it's not a problem for me. The in-class material this week wasn't terribly interesting--I know how Python works, and I'm familiar with the Collatz Conjecture. I'm glad we started going over the project specifications, though, as it looks rather intimidating.

## 2. What's in your way?

My lack of familiarity with the massive suite of software tools that we're using in this class is likely going to be my biggest hurdle. Getting this blog, with Jekyll, github pages, etc. all set up took far longer and was far more stressful than it needed to be. I'm still not entirely happy with how it looks, but I'll keep working on it, and hoping that once I've used the tools once, and if I give myself plenty of time to get used to them, future projects will be less confusing than setting up this blog was.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Well, it's the second week of class, so I'm going to go to class. I'm also going to attend the study session, if that is scheduled, and hope that it's helpful. I always try the study sessions at least once. The main thing, though, is that I want to budget myself a large amount of time to work on the first project. I know I'm going to run into problems with the tools we're required to use--I've seen several people asking about problems on Piazza already--and there are several I've never used before.

## My Experience.

I talked about this above, so I don't have too much more to say here.

This class is intense. You're expected to hit the ground running, have this blog figured out within a week, and then launch into the first project, which requires something like a dozen separate pieces of software. It's quite intimidating, and rightfully so. Do not take this class if you want easy credit. I'm looking forward to it, though, as soon as I fet the basics figured out.

## Tip of the Week.

It's not directly a software tool, but it's helped with my programming productivity massively, so I'm going to mention it. I can't concentrate when there's music playing, or with a lot of people talking. Or even with a bunch of outside noise going on. I get annoyed at people who make lots of noise, such as my downstairs neighbor who seems to play scales on her keyboard about 16 hours/day... My solution has been white noise. I have the app that corresponds to [this website](http://mynoise.net/NoiseMachines/whiteNoiseGenerator.php), and it, plus the bluetooth earbud I carry with me everywhere, has saved my sanity on several occasions, particulary in situations where I'm trying to concentrate intensely--usually programming.