---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Finished and turned in project 3. We did a lot of work the last few days to finish the project up, and I'm really happy with how everything turned out. I ended up doing a lot of the back-end for the searching and pagination, and I'm pretty proud of how everything turned out. I also love the new look of our front-page, with the hexagonal design, and as always, am super grateful that we haven't hade a lot of issues with Docker/Carina.

## 2. What's in your way?

A confluence of things due. I have a presentation for my boss at my internship due tomorrow, and I have both my final cryptography homework *and* the presentation for SWE due on Wednesday. Getting everything done is going to be a bit of a crunch, and Wednesday is going to be the important day. After that, though, I'll have time to relax and study just for the SWE final for a week. I'm starting to get nervous about that, too.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Prepare our presentation. Do our scraping of the other teams' website. Present both in class on Wednesday. Try not to freak out too much. Also, all my stuff for my other class/internship.

## My Experience.

Built-in functionality is awesome, but it's not always the easiest to use, especially if you're using it for a single part of your process, and it's not something you've used before or will likely every use again. My experience with this this past week was the search functionality. There's functionality built in to SQLAlchemy, but it's rather convoluted, and getting the proper AND/OR results from the search was proving to be annoying. (This was after we dismissed the other search options that wanted money.) I went ahead, bit the bullet, and spent a day working up the SQL and surrounding Python code (with a partner) to produce the search results, highlighted, in the order I wanted them in. It ended up working beautifully, and when we added pagination later in the week, it was an almost trivial fix. I'm glad I did it with the base SQL, which is so much more powerful/accessible.S

## Tip of the Week.

Standing desks. I talked last week about making your environment more comfortable and productive, and I know that for many people, at least initially, standing desks will not help with that. They make it easier to step away from your desk and pace. Or go sit in that chair on the side of the room and not program/work.

Keep working. Push through, and believe that it really does get easier (Because it does.). Also, if at all possible, *get an adjustable desk*. I know they're more expensive, but they're super useful, especially if it's at your job. Standing up for as many hours as possible is great for your health, but there's also a point where you just have to sit down to keep working. Regarless, make the effort to stand as much as possible, because it really is better for your back and overall health.