---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Finished up and turned in project 1, with my group, of course. We procrastinated a bit, and didn't meet up to finish it until Thursday, but once we all sat down, cleared up a bunch of confusing things on how to make some of it work, and really got to work, it came together nicely. I think all of us are happy with how it turned out, and excited for the next phase of the project--which has just been released!

## 2. What's in your way?

Organization. Getting all 6 of us together at any one time is quite a hassle, and it's been a challenge. Hopefully, with the second part of the project, we'll be able to organize earlier than the day the project is due, and possibly divide up the work better as we split into groups, so that each group can work on things without requiring everyone from all of the groups to be there to explain little details. I dunno, though. It's going to be difficult.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Keep up with the readings, go to class, and hopefully meet at least twice, either with a coding partner or with a large portion of the group, to work on the second part of the large project. We've already started sketching out tentative schedule for this week--hopefully everyone can stick to it, and nobody gets unexpectedly sick or encounters any other mishaps.

## My Experience.

Python is crazy. We covered several really weird things with Python recently, including how it caches numbers, and what numbers are and are not cached. I didn't realize that there were so many odd little language-specific quirks that every language had before going this deep into studying Python. It's been really cool to see.

Also, the professor's method of explaining databases has been moderately confusing. I'm used to writing straight up SQL statements, querying the database, and manipulating my data that way. Having to finagle programming constructs to simulate the same behavior has just been counter-intuitive for me, but I'm sure it's probably a lot more helpful for people who have never used a database before.

## Tip of the Week.

Turn your screens off well before you go to sleep. Your computer, your phone, all that light that comes from a screen. It sends incredibly strong signals to your eyes/brain that it's time to be awake, that you need to be active, etc. and that keeps you from falling asleep as easily when everything is said and done. I like to just sit and read for an hour or so before going to sleep, with just my bed-side lamp on, and I find that if I do so, forcing myself off of the computer and phone and etc., then I have a much easier time falling asleep. Plus, books are awesome.