---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

We finished up project 4, and turned it in. I worked most of the day Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday on the project, after spending a good bit of time last week getting the scraping portion working. It was a lot of work, and I learned a lot, but I'm exhausted. I didn't manage to go in to my actual job until Friday, despite needing to for projects I'm working on there with some of the other people, so I'm really hoping I can get in to do more of that this week.

## 2. What's in your way?

The project. I'm leader for this stage of the project (Yay? Eek? Huh.) and that's going to involve probably more work, what with organization and everything else, than the previous parts did. I'm willing to put in all of that work, though, because it needs to be done, and I want our project to turn out well. I'm not sure how well everyone is going to work with me being a leader, though. I hope it goes well, though I know I can be a bit overbearing sometimes.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Lead. Try to get more progress done on the project early, so that we don't have to cram the last 3 days to try to get the project done. Hopefully, also have time to work on my actual work. I'm looking forward to getting it all working, though, as the project is a really col one--even though we didn't quite end up with our first choice of topics. (Boring professor. :P )

## My Experience.

The more tools you use in a project, the more difficult it becomes, even if you're not actually trying to get it do do more. This is especially true if you've not used the tools before, or if you're using multiple tools and other people are in change of the other tools, it can get really, really confusing. You have to be familiar wih the other tools, even without getting the opportunity to use them while coding.

## Tip of the Week.

I ran across this one on the CS facebook page this week. It should work on linux machines.

`$ du -sh ./* ./.??* | sort -h`

On a mac, do

`$ brew install coreutils`

`$ du -sh ./* ./.??* | gsort -h`

This will sort all folders in your current directory by size. I found this incredibly helpful for cleaning things up as I run low on disk space. (Because of double-booting.)