---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Finished my last week of classes. In the context of this class, I prepared a little bit for, and then took the final exam. My project group, plus or minus a few people, assembled Thursday afternoon, and spent the last several hours before the exam cramming, mostly making our cheat sheet, while forcing ourselves to review all of the topics.

## 2. What's in your way?

Err, life?

## 3. What will you do next week?

Things not directly related to this class! Most directly, I A) chipped a tooth last week and need to get that looked at, and B) have a final in my cryptography class that I need to spend my time studying for. That's going to take up the majority of my time. Any time not spent studying for that will be spent working.

## My Experience.

This is going to be a bit of a longer section this week. I'm going to reflect on the entire class, once I get done talking about the final.

The final exam was this week. I felt that it was mostly fair, with the exception of one question. We don't have our grades yet, but I'm estimating that my grade will be about the same as it was on the first exam--90%. I did okay on the one question that I didn't like, and I feel like I got all of the other ones correct. We'll see. That one question, though... It was over something we covered for part of one day in class, over a syntax/language that we didn't talk about outside of that, and I've never used, or needed to use, in any project, including the ones in Downing's class. I felt it was an unfair focus on that one part of the class, but that's really my only complaint.

As for the class itself, I really enjoyed the first half of the semester. We dug deep--really deep--into Python and some of the stuff it can do. And it can do some really cool stuff, and some really convoluted stuff. I learned a lot about the intricacies of the language, as well as several programming constructs that I'm sure will benefit me at my job. On the other hand, the second half of the semester felt disjointed. I didn't enjoy the way we covered SQL, there were several other topics that were barely touched on, but could have been much more useful in depth. In addition, many of the technologies needed in the project were barely even mentioned in class--and I found this incredibly frustrating. I wish we had a more narrow focus, and used topics that, (beyond SQL) were used in the project.

Regardless, I learned a lot, and I'm glad I took the class. I'm super proud of the group I'm in and the project/website that we managed to produce. It's an awesome experience, and having to work through it taught me so much. I really enjoy the applied classes in computer science, as opposed to the theoretical classes where we write essays and never touch code...

## Tip of the Week.

Take a class from Downing. It won't be easy. The work load is what is advertised at the beginning of the semester, and yes, you do need to learn all of those tools that he lists. But you will learn them, and you will create something that you are proud of by the end of the semester. And you will learn a lot by doing it. You will also be forced to work with a group--find awesome people, include some people you don't know, pick a fun topic (and have a fun back-up topic), and be willing to put in the work and flexible. You'll make new friends, good connections, and learn a lot. Just remember not to be frustrated by the quizzes (He says, eyeing his grade nervously.).