---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Worked on Project 5. It was quite enjoyable. I'm once again working on the backend part of the project, and I implemented the necessary functions and api endpoints for the search queries to run. Now it's up to some of the others in the project (As well as me, of course.) to get the front-end implemented, and make all of the search results look pretty.

## 2. What's in your way?

Time. We have to make sure that we can finish up everything we want to do, and I know that some of the additional "fun" features that we want to add may have to go. I'm going to be busy until Tuesday, but even with Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday all day to work on the project, plus my teammates working on Monday, it's going to be a close one. I hope it doesn't end up being too stressful.

Also, the other team. We're supposed to be scraping their API, but as of the last time we checked, their website was non-functional, and we cannot work with anything from their site until it comes back up and is functional. I'm worried that we'll have other stuff that needs to be finished on Wednesday or Thursday when it comes back up, and we won't be able to finish the other stuff *and* get their data scraped. We'll see.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Get everything we can do, done, before the deadline. Work hard with my teammates, try to meet for as much time as possible, and get the project done. Also, get our presentation ready, though I suppose that's part of the project too. After this week, I should be a lot less stressed out, and I'm looking forward to finishing up the project.

## My Experience.

Pair programming is awesome. Triple or quadruple programming, not so much. I've gotten to the point where I'll sometimes leave the group meetings with the person I'm programming with that day, just because so many people sitting around is counter-productive to the way I work. I wish it weren't so, as I'm team leader, and all of my teammates are awesome, but sometimes that's just how it is.

## Tip of the Week.

I've talked about a lot of little things over the semester with work environments--Your editor, noise/music, ability to type, having a charger. A lot of this really comes down to just having the working environment that makes you comfortable and gets you into a productive mindset. If you can have an environment that removes all the other distractions and really helps you drill down and really focus, it will make you more productive. Actively work on creating and maintaing this environment, because it will pay off in the long run.