---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

To be honest, not much. I kept up with the readings and going over the material presented in class, and it's certainly helpful for the quizzes, but I didn't do any programming for the class, or any additional studying. (I did, of course, attend class every day it was held.)

## 2. What's in your way?

Laziness and complacency. Everything in the material has been relatively easy so far, especially given how much I use python at work, but that's going to start working against me. I didn't study last week because I wasn't too worried about the exam, and I'm still not worried about it. I know I need to study, and do a bunch of it, but it's always too easy to just say "I won't need to do that much. I can do it tomorrow."

## 3. What will you do next week?

Study for the exam! It will happen, in one form or another. My motivation is low right now (non-class things), but I'll get there somehow. I always seem to. A study group is probably my best bet at this point.

## My Experience.

Things have started getting confusing in class. We've moved beyond just the basic definitions and uses in Python and into some really cool--but also really intricate, confusing, and finnicky--parts of the language. I like it, as I'm really starting to learn some cool stuff, and it's good that class is engaging me more now.

## Tip of the Week.

Learn to type, really well. Then learn to type really well while hitting all of the weird keys required for programming. If you're hunting and pecking, you're looking at the keyboard and you're not utilizing your hands to anywhere near their full capacity, and it's slowing you down. Just like a good editor should help you program by getting the distractions out of the way and letting you program as close to the speed of thought as possible, your typing skills should really be up to snuff too. I know plenty of programmers who are efficient and speedy typists, but I also know plenty who are not anywhere near that good, and it can be frustrating to watch them code so slowly.