---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

A lot of work on part 2 of the project, with my group. We met two times, for several hours, and I worked long-ish hours both days, as well as a bit on my own outside of that. We've been making good progress, although the group as a whole was help up for a while, waiting for me. Me part has been to re-define the models in the database so that they fit with all of the data that we are scraping, then scrape all of that data. I finally finished it around 2 AM on Sunday, after about 10 hours of coding.

## 2. What's in your way?

Other classes. In particular, Cryptography. I have managed to use up all of my slip days in that class so far, and I have another quite difficult homework that is due this week. I have to get it all done and turn it in during class on Wednesday, and so I'm not going to be able to spend much more time working on the group project for this phase. I hope my group members don't hate me too much for it.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Try to survive? It's going to be a bit of a rough one, with stuff due in those two classes, as well as work at my internship, so I'm just going to try to get through everything and not fall behind in anything at the moment. I'm looking forward to this Friday, when I don't have any of that hanging over my head anymore, and can relax until... Oh, right. Exam next week. It never ends. Whee.

## My Experience.

Magic cards have a ridiculous number of edge cases. I made the scraping code that I wrote work for a single card--that took long enough, much longer than I was expecting, and then I went on to scraping the entire database and had to handle about a dozen other edge cases that came up while working on it, as well as some cards that I just had to flat out ignore because the data I was given was not useful.

## Tip of the Week.

If you're estimating a software job that you don't know a ton about, even if you think you know a good bit about it, your estimate is too short. Period. When we met at 4 PM on Saturday, I estimated that it would take me 2 or 3 hours to have code pushed that would scrape all the cards. 2 or 3 hours later, my coding partner and I were nearly done with the reconstruction of the models. Then it took another 2 or 3 hours to get everything to work with scraping a single card. And another 2 or 3 hours (with a dinner break) to get everything scraped from the database. I finally made my commit and push (my partner had to go home and get some sleep) around 2 AM on Sunday. Estimate: 2-3 hours. Reality: 10 hours. Moral: Estimates are hard.