---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

The exam! Also, studying! I ded a lot of preparation on Wednesday and Thursday for the exam--I even took Thursday off from work to study all day. I went over all of the bits of code that the professor showed us in class, ran bits and pieces of them to see how they worked, re-read a few of the readings, and looked over my code for the two projects so far.

## 2. What's in your way?

Groups. The project specification for the 3rd project just went up, and it's a group project. We're supposed to have a group of 5 people, but the people I know best are all in the other section of the class. I would really like to work with them, as I have worked with some of them before, and I know they're good hard workers and will get their part of the project done. and, uh, not dock me random points. (The grading policy is moderately terrifying.)

## 3. What will you do next week?

Keep going to class, keeping up with the readings, hopefully getting good grades on the quizzes, anxiously await my exam grade, count down the days until spring break, and hopefully assemble a good group of people and get a solid start on project 3.

## My Experience.

The exam was surpringisly easy for me. Part of that is because I had a really good cheat sheet that I borrowed off of someone else in the class (they posted it on Piazza for anyone to use.), and that really helped me with the book-based questions. But for the Python questions, my familiarity with the language--I use it at my internship--was crucial, and I was able to finish the test fairly quickly, triple-check my work, and leave before a lot of the other students did. I know several other people who did not have as easy of a time with the exam, so it's not an all-around easy thing, but I am glad I had the experience to prepare me for it.

## Tip of the Week.

Be afraid. Be very afraid. Always be afraid. News hit today of the first ransomware specifically targeted at Macs. I'm mostly surprised that it's taken this long.

The more afraid you are, the more preventative and protective measures you will take. Anti-virus software is your friend. Backups are your friend. Not downloading suspicious stuff is your friend. Anything can get you, any time, so always be on the lookout, always take what precautions you can. I took network security last semester, and it was basically a semester-long exercise in learning that "nothing is safe." But you can take steps to protect yourself, and you should, whenever you can. Especially when you're writing important code, you don't want it to go poof...