---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Forgot to check Piazza. I didn't realize that anything *could* be due during Spring break, so I just assumed that this post would be due on the 20th, so I looked at Piazza late that day, after coming back from everything I did over Spring break, and saw that oops, no, it was actually due on the 13th.

Beyond that, these past two weeks, I've been meeting with my group, to have roles assigned, and start working on tasks. I think we're going to be a good group, with a lot of hard-working people on the team, though there are certainly a lot of areas that we still need experience in. Arranging for everyone to meet is the hardest thing.

## 2. What's in your way?

Reading the directions and knowing when things are actually due? Also, coming off of a week off, and getting my mindset back into what's needed for classes. It's been nice to be able to relax and stuff, maybe a little too easy. We've made good progress on the project, but getting myself back into the flow of classes, quizzes, HWs, etc. is going to be hard.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Try to turn things in on time, especially this project. My part that I still need to complete is the about page for each of the people in our project, which is going to involve some fun artistic stuff with putting together fake magic cards, etc.

## My Experience.

The professor is boring. Our first proposal for a topic was rejected, but thankfully we had a back-up plan that none of us are too fussed about actually doing. The week of classes right after the exam wasn't too stressful, it mostly consisted of waiting for exam results and waiting for spring break. There was nothing particularly interesting and new to cover, and I'm hoping this next week will be more exciting as everyone works on, and begins showing, their projects.

## Tip of the Week.

Cron jobs. I have several set up for a number of random things, including notifications of when I should do things in my daily schedule, and checking websites for updates throughout the day with a Python script. Being able to set them and forget about them has been incredibly cool, and they aren't that hard to learn how to write.