---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Besides going to class, the answer is honestly, not much. I did all of the readings, but... I have still been busy dealing with beginning-of-semester stuff, making sure I have everything I need at my apartment, etc. and was unable to start the project. Thankfully, I have several days to devote to it before Thursday this week, when it is due, so expect me to be talking about that a lot next week.

## 2. What's in your way?

My lack of dedicated time to spend on the project. I get easily distracted, and it seemed like there were a thousand and one things that needed to be taken care of this week. I'm hoping I got most of them completely out of the way, so I expect this next week to be a lot smoother.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Drill down and spend several days working, hardcore, on the project. I know that I shouldn't be putting it off until the last minute, and I suspect I'm going to regret it late Tuesday or Wednesday evening, as I work into my sleeping hours, but I am determined to get it done.

## My Experience.

Class itself remains fun. I twitch occasionally when people don't answer questions that I know the answer to, and I'm starting to wonder if people are really that afraid of being called on. The professor often has to go through several names in order to find someone who will admit to being in class--despite nearly every seat in the room being full. Also, I'm starting to worry about my quiz grade a little bit. I don't have anywhere near perfect quiz scores on half of the quizzes so far, so... We'll see how that turns out. Guess it gives me a little extra incentive to keep working on the blog, huh?

## Tip of the Week.

Learn your editor. I use vim, and I've been working my way through [this book](http://www.amazon.com/Practical-Vim-Edit-Speed-Thought/dp/1680501275/), loaned to me by a coworker at my internship, and I've found it incredibly useful. I suspect that, like me, many students have adopted an editor and learned the basics--enough to edit, maybe copy and paste a line or two, undo mistakes... But not really invest in the true power of their editor. If you're that kind of person, I strongly urge you to find some kind of manual and work your way through it... Modern editors have SO MANY TRICKS that are simply amazing. [Note: This makes it difficult to go back to using a normal text editor, when none of your special keys work. It's totally worth it.]