---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Did our presentation. We spent much of Tuesday preparing the presentation, readying our code to use the other site, etc. And on Wednesday, we got to present. I also took a day or two off, and did some fun stuff after the presentation. :)

## 2. What's in your way?

Lack of pressure. All that remains in the final exam, and that's several days away. I'm a procrastinator, as I'm sure many of the other students in the class are as well, and making myself focus and study for the exam, and making myself start on it early, is going to be hard. Hopefully I can actually find some people to study with this time, as that almost always makes things easier.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Study for the exam. Try to form a study group. Possibly go in to work at my internship at least one day next week. Beat people up with foam swords after the final exam.

## My Experience.

Our presentation didn't go as well as he wanted it to. We spent time preparing the slides, making sure our presentation of the other group's data looked good, and not enough time rehearsing the presentation. We ended up going over time, which is definitely at least partly my fault, and we didn't get to finish our presentation. I'm really disappointed about that, as it could have really been a much better presentation. Also, only 2 group members (myself included) showed up to the next class where the next group was critiquing us... So my experience was that they're unreliable and I'm disappointed in the rest of them. I was late to work that day because I specifically went in for that one presentation.

## Tip of the Week.

Take some time to relax--after the final exam. I'm going to finish the semester by attending [Foam Sword Friday](https://www.facebook.com/events/226152797751826/), and beating people up with, well, foam swords. After a long and stressful semester--or deadlines at work with intense coding projects, or whatever, it's super important to decompress and let yourself be happy fo ra little while. (Before you get back to the grind of studying for that finals week final, and then working full time...)