---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

This week, I did the first project. It was a lot of fun, and was an interesting experience. I work with Python 2.7 at my internship, so the experience of using Python 3 was familiar, yet also disorienting. I kept having to go back and add parenthesis to my print statements, mostly. I managed to get it done in time, and turn it in, so I'm glad about that. I'm really hoping I can start the next project sooner, though, as it looks more challenging, plus I don't like being rushed. I did manage to pass the Sphere test for the first project, so I'm happy about that!

## 2. What's in your way?

Speaking of the second project, though, the thing standing in my way is a partner. I want one, both because I enjoy pair programming and because I want the extra credit. My problem is that the person I would choose is in the other section of the class, and already has a partner, and most of the people I know in my section (morning) I only know semi-well. I think my first choice of a partner already has a partner, but we'll see. I'll try the guy in front of me tomorrow; he'll probably go for it. I've never coded with him before, though, so we'll see how it goes. He said he did okay on the first project, so hopefully it'll go well.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Work on getting the partner situation figured out, and get started on the project. It looks like an exciting one (My boss at my internship is hoping to have me to do something similar for student grade predictions, so it should be quite useful too.), and also quite challenging. I'm looking forward to learning a lot while getting it done, especially now that I've learned the basics of Coverage and Travis CI and the other tools we're using and configuring in this class.

## My Experience.

Quizzes suck. I think I understand everything, then I get a 2 or a 0 on the quiz, and it really takes the wind out of my sails. I'm glad that he's dropping the lowest quizzes, but right now, my experience is that they're hard, and I'm not any good at them. The tools that he's telling you to learn are useful, and you will benefit from using them. Also, I'm amazed at how many people don't come to class. His questions really aren't that intimidating, and if you don't know the answer, he helps you through it to keep the class moving quickly, and never says anything disparaging about you.

## Tip of the Week.

Make a resume. Make it look good. Have copies with you. I made mine up for the first time last weekend for the career fair (Ask me sometime about how I got this far without one. It's a bit of a story.) and not only is it a huge confidence boost for me, companies really do pay attention to them. I now have something to hand to all the companies who set up tables and do recruiting in the GDC, and honestly, you really help your chances of getting a CS job if you have one. It doesn't take more than an afternoon to make one, and a few minutes every few months to update it. Do it. Have it handy. *Heads off to study for interview.*