---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

I worked on the second project with my partner. A lot. We started on Thursday afternoon, and we've been working every evening since then. It's going pretty well, right now, and we're optimistic for getting the extra credit. We haven't exhausted our optimization options yet, so we'll see how things turn out. I've learned a lot from our work--we've done a lot of reading on this project, and I'm 

## 2. What's in your way?

Mostly, it's the quizzes again. I have been doing better recently, mostly because I'm getting up earlier in the mornings and I have time to read and review the notes from the previous class before this week's class (I try to always get the reading done ahead of time.), but I'm still not happy with how my quiz grades are turning out.

## 3. What will you do next week?

We're going to finish up the Netflix project and hopefully get the extra credit. It's been a very fun project, and I've learned a lot. I'm going to keep studying for the quizzes, and hope my grades stay at least decent on those. Keep on keeping on, I guess.

## My Experience.

Downing brought in our first speaker this week, someone from Main Street Hub. It was interesting to hear what life is like for someone with a degree, who works in the industry. I think I was most surprised by how many jobs he's had in the last 10 years or so. I really hope my career is more stable than that once I graduate.

## Tip of the Week.

Progress bars. They're incredibly helpful. My partner and I created a lot of caches for our project this week, and for the first several, we would become frustrated, unsure whether they had stalled out, or were just taking several minutes. We coded up some very basic progress reports (percent done), and they help, a lot, and not just for the peace of mind of knowing that the program is still working. Being able to estimate how much longer the process is going to take--and therefore, how much other stuff you're going to be able to do before it's done.