---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## 1. What did you do this past week?

Finished up the Netflix project. It was a lot of fun, and with a few crucial breakthroughs, my partner and I managed to get our RMSE down to .93, a number we are quite proud of. We were kinda mean with our acceptance test, tweaking it to give an RMSE of .9999 for our algorithm, but we're aiming to get as much extra credit as we can. I also, of course, went to class every day, took the quizzes, etc.

## 2. What's in your way?

Besides forgetting that I have a blog to do until I'm going to bed every Sunday night? (Seriously, this is 3 weeks in a row now that I've barely remembered that I need to do it.) Probably procrastination for the exam. I know how to study for exams, I know that this exam is going to be challenging--the quizzes have proved that to me. But I know Python, and I know it well, and I did the readings as we reached them, so it's going to be hard to make myself go over everything when parts of it are so boring/familiar. Hopefully I can get a study group together to help with this.

## 3. What will you do next week?

Study for the exam! That's the next big thing that's coming up, in a week and a half, and there's no more projects until well after that.I just need to switch gears from the code-writing portion to the studying portion of my brain, and get to work.

## My Experience.

This week was fun. Being able to not only successfully complete the project, but also earn the extra credit by a significant margin felt amazing, and it was definitely worth the amount of work we put in on the project. I learned a lot about predictive analytics, and what factors matter and don't matter with the prediction. (It was also an interesting insight into people's minds. Ratings vary by what day of the week they were made on. Seriously.)

## Tip of the Week.

I assume most of you have a laptop you carry around with you.

Get a backup charger for that thing. Chargers are expensive, yes, I understand that, but they're also crucial. My main charger went out this past week, between two days of working on the project. I would have been out of comission for an entire evening if I had not had a backup charger in my apartment (Generally, I have 1 for travel and 1 for my apartment that stays in pristine condition.). I didn't have the chance to go to the store and get another charger for a while, so I'm definitely glad I had the backup so I could SSH in without using my phone (Yes, I have an SSH app on my phone. So what?) and make a few more tweaks to the project.